Add Code of Conduct v_01 (#27)
brainhackorg/brainhack_jupyter_book: brainhack_book/code_of_conduct.md

# Code of Conduct

> As part of the open science community, we must promote and advocate inclusivity through a welcoming environment, giving voice to the under-represented and marginalized people, and creating means and tools in building up a healthy community. Understanding this assertion, this Code of Conduct is the expression of these values, and intend to foster a space of kindness, cooperation and empathy within this particular project and the 
> community itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the open science community, we must promote and advocate inclusivity through a welcoming environment, giving voice to underrepresented and marginalized people, and creating means and tools in building up a healthy community. Understanding this assertion, this Code of Conduct is the expression of these values, and intends to foster a space of kindness, cooperation and empathy within this particular project and the community itself.
```

# Applicability and Scope

> This Code of Conduct is applicable to all of the community spaces, including public channels, private channel and conversations, both in the case of online and offline communications and contributions to the project. In the ase of the violation of the Code of Conduct, the project contributors and the community members, will have rights to reevaluate the situation and sanction or expel those who crated the discomfort and violation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Code of Conduct is applicable to all of the community spaces, including public channels, private channels and conversations, both in the case of online and offline communications and contributions to the project. In the case of the violation of the Code of Conduct, the project contributors and the community members will have the right to reevaluate the situation and sanction or expel those who created discomfort or violation. 
```

> In the case of the violation of the Code of Conduct, the project contributors and the community members will have the right to reevaluate the situation and sanction or expel those who created discomfort or violation. 

I am not too sure about this sentence. What do you mean specifically? Should this sentence be in some section below (eg, Enforcement..?)

## Our Pledge

> We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our
> community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body
> size, visible or invisible disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation, among others. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, visible or invisible disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation, among others. 
```

> We pledge to act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming,
> diverse, inclusive, and healthy community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We pledge to act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming, diverse, inclusive, and healthy community.
```

## Our Standards

> We aim to create a welcoming environment in which the members from any diverse background can interact in positive and affirming way. For that basis we follow the below goals throughout our interactions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We aim to create a welcoming environment in which members from any diverse background can interact in a positive and affirming way. On that basis, we follow the below goals throughout our interactions:
```

* Using welcoming and inclusive language
* Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people
* Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences
* Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback
* Accepting responsibility and apologizing to those affected by our mistakes, and learning from the experience
* Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the
  overall community
  
Examples of unacceptable behaviour include:

  

> * Offensive comments related to gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, mental illness, neuro(a)typicality, physical appearance, pregnancy status, veteran status, political affiliation, marital status, body size, age, race, national origin, ethnic origin, nationality, immigration status, language, religion or lack thereof, or other identity marker. This includes anti-Indigenous/Nativeness and anti-Blackness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Offensive comments related to gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, mental illness, neuro(a)typicality, physical appearance, pregnancy status, veteran status, political affiliation, marital status, body size, age, race, national origin, ethnic origin, nationality, immigration status, language, religion or lack thereof, or other identity markers. This includes anti-Indigenous/Nativeness and anti-Blackness.
```

* Threats of violence.
* Incitement of violence towards any individual or group, including encouraging a person to commit suicide or to engage in self-harm.
* Deliberate intimidation.
* Stalking or following - online or in the physical world.
* Harassing photography or recording, including logging online activity for harassment purposes.
* Sustained disruption of discussion.
* Unwelcome sexual attention.
* Patterns of inappropriate social contact, such as requesting/assuming inappropriate levels of intimacy with others.
* Continued one-on-one communication after requests to cease.
* Deliberate "outing" of any aspect of a person's identity without their consent except as necessary to protect vulnerable people from intentional abuse.
* Publication of non-harassing private communication, such as a physical or email address, without their explicit permission
* Jokes that resemble the above, such as "hipster racism", still count as harassment even if meant satirically or ironically.
* Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
  

> If you have questions or concerns about these issues please feel free to contact [REQUIRES CONTACT POINTS] and share your opinions and suggestions.

Reviewer: We need to find a solution regarding who and what email address people can reach.

## Reporting

> If you are being harassed by a member of our community, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact the administrators via  [REQUIRES CONTACT POINTS]. If the person who is harassing you is on the project collaborations team, they will not be involved in handling or resolving the incident.

Reviewer: Same as the previous comment, `[REQUIRES CONTACT POINTS]` needs to be determined.

> The admin team will respond to any complaint as promptly as possible we can. If you do not get a timely response (for example, if no admins are currently online) then please put your personal safety and well-being first, and consider logging out and/or contacting the admins by email at [EMAIL ADDRESS HERE].
> 
> This Code of Conduct applies to our community's spaces, but if you are being harassed by a member of our community outside our spaces, we still want to know about it. We will take all good-faith reports of harassment by our members, especially the administrators, seriously. This includes harassment outside our spaces and harassment that took place at any point in time. The abuse team reserves the right to exclude people from the community based on their past behaviour, including behaviour outside of our spaces and behaviour towards people who are not in this community.
> 
> In order to protect volunteers from abuse and burnout, we reserve the right to reject any report we believe to have been made in bad faith. Reports intended to silence legitimate criticism may be deleted without response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The admin team will respond to any complaint as promptly as possible we can. If you do not get a timely response (for example, if no admins are currently online), please put your personal safety and well-being first, and consider logging out and/or contacting the admins by email at [EMAIL ADDRESS HERE].

This Code of Conduct applies to our community's spaces, but if you are being harassed by a member of our community outside our spaces, we still want to know about it. We will take all good-faith reports of harassment by our members, especially the administrators, seriously. This includes harassment outside our spaces and harassment that took place at any point in time. The abuse team reserves the right to exclude people from the community based on their past behaviour, including behaviour outside of our spaces and behaviour towards people who are not in this community.

To protect volunteers from abuse and burnout, we reserve the right to reject any report we believe in having been made in bad faith. Reports intended to silence legitimate criticism may be deleted without response.
```

`[EMAIL...]` needs to be addressed here too..

> ## Enforcement Responsibilities
> 
> The project leaders are responsible for clarifying and enforcing the standards of acceptable behaviour and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any behaviour that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.
> 
> The project leaders have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for moderation decisions when appropriate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enforcement Responsibilities

The project leaders are responsible for clarifying and enforcing the standards of acceptable behaviour. They will take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any behaviour that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

The project leaders have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct and will communicate reasons for moderation decisions when appropriate.
```

## Enforcement

> Every code of conduct violation report will be treated with seriousness and care. If a member's immediate safety and security is threatened, an individual admin may take any action that they deem appropriate, up to and including temporarily banning the offender from the community. In less urgent situations, at least two admins will discuss the offense and mutually arrive at a suitable response, which will be shared with the offender privately. Whatever the resolution that they decide upon, the decision of the admins involved in a violation case will be considered final.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every code of conduct violation report will be treated with seriousness and care. If a member's immediate safety and security is threatened, an individual admin may take any action that they deem appropriate, up to and including temporarily banning the offender from the community. In less urgent situations, at least two admins will discuss the offense and mutually decide a suitable response that will be shared with the offender privately. Whatever the resolution they decide upon, the admins' decision in a violation case will be considered final.
```

> We will respect confidentiality requests for the purpose of protecting victims of abuse. At our discretion, we may publicly name a person about whom we've received harassment complaints, or privately warn third parties about them, if we believe that doing so will increase the safety of our members or the general public. We will not name harassment victims without their affirmative consent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will respect confidentiality requests to protect victims of abuse. At our discretion, we may publicly name a person about whom we've received harassment complaints or privately warn third parties about them if we believe that doing so will increase the safety of our members or the general public. We will not name harassment victims without their affirmative consent.
```

## Enforcement Guidelines

> Community leaders will follow the Community Impact Guideline in determining the consequences for any action they deem in violation of this Code of Conduct:

Reviewer: Where can we find Brainhack's _Community Impact Guideline_?

> ### Correction

Reviewer: What do you mean by Correction?

> **Community Impact**: Use of inappropriate language or other behaviour deemed
> unprofessional or unwelcome in the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Community Impact**: Use of inappropriate language or other behaviour deemed unprofessional or unwelcome in the community.
```

**Consequence**: A private, written warning from community leaders, providing clarity around the nature of the violation and an explanation of why the behaviour was inappropriate. A public apology may be requested.

### Expulsion

> **Community Impact**: Demonstrating a pattern of violation of community
> standards, including sustained inappropriate behaviour, harassment of an
> individual, or aggression toward or disparagement of classes of individuals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Community Impact**: Demonstrating a pattern of violation of community standards, including sustained inappropriate behaviour, harassment of an individual, or aggression toward or disparagement of classes of individuals.
```

> **Consequence**: A ban from any sort of public interaction within the community and identification of the participant as a harasser to other members or to the general public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Consequence**: A ban from any sort of public interaction within the community and identification of the participant as a harasser to other members or the general public.
```

## Consequences

> Participants asked to stop any harassing behaviour are expected to comply immediately. If a participant engages in harassing behaviour, the administrators may take any action they deem appropriate, up to and including expulsion from the community and identification of the participant as a harasser to other members. At the discretion of the admins, or by request, one or more of the parties involved may request to discuss the violation and how to avoid similar situations in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Participants asked to stop any harassing behaviour are expected to comply immediately. If a participant engages in harassing behaviour, the administrators may take any action they deem appropriate, including expulsion from the community and identifying the participant as a harasser to other members. At the discretion of the admins or by request, one or more of the parties involved may request to discuss the violation and how to avoid similar situations in the future.
```

## Attribution

> This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct v2.0][contributorcovenant-coc], [LGBTQ in Tech community code of conduct](http://lgbtq.technology/coc.html). and from the [Django Project Code of Conduct][django-coc]. Community Impact Guideline were inspired by [Mozilla's code of conduct enforcement ladder][mozilla-coc]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct v2.0][contributorcovenant-coc], [LGBTQ in Tech community code of conduct](http://lgbtq.technology/coc.html). and from the [Django Project Code of Conduct][django-coc]. Community Impact Guideline was inspired by [Mozilla's code of conduct enforcement ladder][mozilla-coc]
```
